[BUG] Security ingest data seems missing integrations without Endpoint Security (#1246)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/ingest-data.asciidoc

To ingest data, you can use:

* The {fleet-guide}/fleet-overview.html[{agent}] with the **Elastic Endpoint Integration**, which protects
your hosts and sends logs, metrics, and endpoint security data to {elastic-sec}. See, <<install-endpoint>>.

> * The {agent} with integrations, which are made available through the {fleet-guide}/fleet-overview.html#package-registry-intro[Elastic Package Registry (EPR)]. To install an integration that works with {elastic-sec}, go to the Home page and click *Add integrations*. On the Integrations page, click the *Security* category filter, then select an integration and follow the guided steps to install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The {agent} with integrations, which are available in the {fleet-guide}/fleet-overview.html#package-registry-intro[Elastic Package Registry (EPR)]. To install an integration that works with {elastic-sec}, go to the Home page and click *Add integrations*. On the Integrations page, click the *Security* category filter, then select an integration to see installation instructions.
```

+

> TIP: For more information on integrations, refer to {integrations-docs}[{integrations}].

Reviewer 2: I don't think this needs to be a Tip admonition; it's just a link to another docs page. This could be "See [link]." added to the end of the previous paragraph, just like some of the other bullets in this list.

Author: Agree!

+

* *{beats}* shippers installed for each system you want to monitor.

> * The {agent} to send data from Splunk to {elastic-sec}. See, {observability-guide}/ingest-splunk.html[Ingest data from Splunk].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The {agent} to send data from Splunk to {elastic-sec}. See {observability-guide}/ingest-splunk.html[Ingest data from Splunk].
```

[[install-beats]]
== Install {beats} shippers

> To populate {elastic-sec} with hosts and network security events, you need to install and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To populate {elastic-sec} with host and network security events, you need to install and
```
not sure about this one - as written it seems to mean "populate with hosts, and also with network security events". My change is intended to make it mean "populate with security events related to the host or the network".

Reviewer 2: I think it's meant to be populating with "hosts" and also with "network security events." Another possible revision?
```suggestion
To populate {elastic-sec} with network security events from hosts, you need to install and
```

Author: I think it's important to keep the "hosts" bit separate. If I'm understanding the sentence correctly, it's telling users that they can add and monitor hosts through the security app and stream network security events to the Security app. @jmikell821 WDTY?

Author: Inserting the following as discussed in Slack:
To add hosts and populate {elastic-sec} with network security events.

Author: Adding the following as per group discussion on Slack:
To add hosts and populate {elastic-sec} with network security events.
